Ladies and gentlemen, friends of Tennessee, we have with us today, Mr. Bob Kor, who is
the director of our radio and TV studio here in the United States Senate.
Bob, it's certain who's going to ask me some questions.
Certainly, it was good to have you with us.
Well, Senator, it's been a long time since I've had the privilege of being on a program
with you almost since 1940, I think.
Well, Bob, I think we started back in the House of Representatives days making a plighter.
That's right, Senator.
Talk about 1940.
The Cherry Blossom Week is...
Bob and Helen have been here directing us and helping us ever since.
Cherry Blossom Week, though, Senator, is still like it was back in 1940.
Cherry Blossoms were a few days late this year, but I did notice that there were a lot of school buses
with Tennessee license plates on them, and I'm wondering just why are you here in Washington
when most of the senators are back home?
Well, Bob, it is too bad the Cherry Blossoms were a little late.
We had the festival last Friday and Saturday, Joanna Evans, you know, Congressman Evans's daughter
was Tennessee princess.
We didn't have a single Cherry Blossom, then Sunday the sunshine came out and Monday and Tuesday
we had beautiful Cherry Blossoms.
But about these Tennessee school children, many of the high schools in Tennessee have a senior...
have their annual senior class trip come up to Washington, and I think this week we've had seven
or eight classes here.
Well, now, Senator, just what do you do for these school children?
Are they just stopping to say hello or do you perform a service for them?
Well, I hope that we perform a service.
They usually come by the office and we give them passes to the Senate.
I have a little guidebook about what to see in Washington, and I show them my pictures
and little mementos in my office.
And then, usually we go down in front of the Capitol or on the back of the Capitol now
since the front is torn up and have a class picture made.
It's one of the very pleasant parts about service up here, seeing these school kids.
They all say that they know a whole lot more about government, about White House,
about Congress after they've been here than they did before they came.
Now, let's leave the more pleasant things and get into the more prosaic matters.
You're a chairman of the subcommittee, and he trusts the subcommittee.
And you have currently been holding hearings.
Most of your hearings, as I've been following them in the press, have been directed to,
I guess I should call it a cartel of large drug manufacturers
who have been, according to material you bought out, overcharging the public
and making tremendous profits on certain drugs which are helpful to our sick and our ailing.
I wonder if you could give us a little background of that.
Well, I wouldn't call it a cartel, Bob.
Our antitrust and not-the-subcommittee is charged with investigating
lack of competition and great many industries.
Steel and bread and others, but I think our drug industry has attracted more attention.
What we found is that the medical profession and the pharmaceutical manufacturers
have played an important part in this have developed a wonderful medicine.
There's wondered drugs that keep people alive and give them better health in the last few years.
But the sad fact is that in many cases, many of these drugs are beyond the reach
of pocketbook wise of the average person who is sick.
So what we are investigating is why are the prices so high?
Why isn't there a price competition between the large companies?
What do you think?
Well, we found that there is not a price competition among large companies
on most of these ethical drugs.
We found also that their profit of the drug manufacturers is about twice the average
of the average manufacturing company in the United States.
And on net worth, for the last few years, has been the highest, about 22% after taxes.
We found also that they sell to the pharmacist for very much larger price than the sell to the government
when they bid to the government.
In one case, they sell to the pharmacist $180 worth and the government would buy for the same thing for $30.
Well, now, Senator, the pharmacist is not the blame for these ideas.
No, the pharmacist is, he only adds his profit on what the manufacturer charges them.
And he's entitled to make a reasonable profit.
And he's not the one to blame.
And he's interested in getting the prices down just like we are.
Well, Senator, I wish we had more time.
It's more than a price money.
Thank you very much.
Thank you, sir.